A. Set up project
    a. Install of libraries(Done)
    b. Set up Advantage Kit(Done)
    c. Deleate Uneaded Files(Done)
B. Add basics untill
    a. Add all custem Command sequences-Done
    b. Add a genaric wait command that works easialy without stupidity(Done)
    c. Set up controler wrappers for ease of use
        a. XBoxControlers(Done)
        b. Button Moneky Controller(Done)
    d. Create State Based System
        a. ?
        b. Add commended in state example usege for teleop
B.2
    a. Impliment Cadle LEDs with Advantage Kit(Done)
C. Set up swerve with Advantage Kit
    a. Refactor Swerve for Advantage Kit
D. Set up Odometry Vision
    a. Refactor Vision code to work with Advantage Kit and run on a second thread
    b. Refactor Vision code to be easaly modifable and work with any amount of cameras.
    c. Inigrate vision with Swerve as needed
E. Set up Auton System
    a. Set up system to take in commands and run them during Auton(or for auto positining in teleop)(Must make use of a state based system)
        b. Provide an example of an auto rotune in commands using the state based system.
        c. Make the system take in custem automaticly mirroded pose2d that can take in fudge factors for the position for each allience sepretly.
    b. Set up a go to Pose with PIDS in a way that makes it work pretter than last years(Rename and refactor)
        a. Create GoToPoseAfterTime(Or something of the same function)
        b. Create all types of GoToPose that we used last year.
    c. Set up extracted auton system that lets you slot in PathPlanener auton, WPILib Trejectors and Choreo trejectories.
    d. Find a better way to do auto positioning.
D. Set up Game Object Tracking
    a. Create Game Object Tracking code for Photon Vision and test it
    b. If it works works good enough set up a system to move to a game object based on the location read by the camera and make it in a way that is easy to use with auton
    c. If posible make it so that it live tracks the game object and goes to ware it is in relation to the robot every frame 
        rather than based on a one time read inital value that the robot reads

    